Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* New project workflow
  * Please read the [documentation](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/wiki/Workflow)
  * [Good PR example](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/266)
* I will schedule the first sprint meeting to be the last wednesday of this month
 
This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* Annual leave

**Elliot**
* New workflow documentation
* New label system
* New Issue and Pull request templates
* New projects
* Architecture diagram for ESS
* Presentation for Scientific software group meeting
* Review outstanding PRs
  * Ansible
  * Ceph path
  * Various stale PRs

**George**
* Memory leak in health check - fixed!
* user office update
  * email re. reducedev2 


Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* Annual leave

**Elliot**
* Planning for sprint meeting
* Deliever Scientific software group presentation
* EnginX migration
* System test

**George**
* user office update
* Investigation into load balancing
* Invesitgation into multiple compute nodes

