Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* Sprint review
* Sprint planning for April
* Backing up of meta data mysql from runs collected during 

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* Testing of missing exp. details
* Review of diagrams

**Elliot**
* Push back on various PRs
* Project documentation

**George**
* Testing system test / Empty webapp validation / alphabetical ordering
* File lock mechanism for new EORM

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* Issue from April sprint
* Review diagrams for publication

**Elliot**
* Away @ conference Monday - Friday 

**George**
* EORM new design etc.
