Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* Now in Sprint June 2019
* Couple of minor issues with start of cycle
* Looking to Add GEM this cycle
* HRPD - 19_3
* Pearl - link in with visualiation

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* Smoke testing on production
* Service management meeting
* Further updates to openPRs 


**George**
* Smoke testing on dev
* Review PRs

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* Continuing work on PRs
* Small config file / settings change
* implementing service management changes
* Starting work on graph showing requirements for autoreduction growth

**George**
* https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/309
