Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* Plan for migration of dev VMs to OpenStack ~ by Feb? (This is separate from using cloud tech to run reduction runs in the future)  

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* *Work carried out by Anders* 

**Elliot**
* *Work carried out by Elliot*

**George**
* *Work carried out by George*

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* *Work for next week*

**Elliot**
* *Work for next week*

**George**
* *Work for next week*
