Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* Cycle 18_1 complete
  * refactoring: using utils
  * serverside webapp validation
  * negative RB number handling
  * webapp model updates
  * some progress to developer setup (more to come soon)
  * File saving issues

* Outstanding PRs
  * Local test script (will be overwritten by setup.py) - David
  * Setup.py extension - David
  * Archive monitor - Elliot

* Code freeze tasks
  * ~Merge dev and master - Elliot~
  * Update all nodes with new master/dev - ???
  * Manual data submission checks - ???
  * Update project folders on github - Elliot
  * Decide what we want for 18_3 - Next weeks meeting
  
* Tasks to do before 18_2 start
  * setup.py extension #86 - David
  * system test #28 - ???
  * get archive monitor PR into mergable state #52 - Elliot
  * Error handling for webapp when services are down #93 - ???
  * Improving webapp info label #48 - ???
  * Fully switch over to utils.clients #60 + anything else? - George

* Cycle 18_2 starts 11/09/2018
  
  
  
This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* *Work carried out by Anders* 

**David:**
* *Work carried out by David*

**Elliot**
* Mantid release work
* Merged Jamies PRs

**Jamie**
* *Work carried out by Jamie*

**George**
* *Work carried out by Jamie*

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* *Work for next week*

**David:**
* *Work for next week*

**Elliot**
* Work experience student
* Mantid release work clean up
* Move projects to 18_3 in git


**Jamie**
* *Work for next week*

**George**
* *Work for next week*
