Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* RHEL subscription issue:
  * Development node back up and running after problems being resolved by IT Services (note this is not facilities IT)
  * Production node has not recieved license update as Warren (who admins this machine) is not confident it can be doen without affecting services running. Hence this has been delayed until after this cycle. The node is stable in it's current configuration.
* Cycle progress:
  * Generally appears to be running well on production with very few failures
  * Maintenance day 9th Oct - however with the instability of operations this cycle it is unlikely to happen
* Ensure that we are strict with completing incident logs (AR and ICAT/DOI)
 * All know where these can be found?
* Cloud update
  * Early access Centos builds are now available and appear to work well with our ansible scripts
  * Magnum openstack plugin may remove the need for us to manually run ansible commands in the future (est. impl. this year)
* Procedure change suggestion:
  * Move to daily standups at 10:00am
  * Move away from full sprint cycles as they are too heavy weight for a group this size
  * Move to directed Kanban
  * In favour of more offline tactile approach (post-it + white board)
  * Change meeting to be ICAT + DOI + Autoreduction standup
  * Thoughts?

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
*

**Elliot**
* Excitations Migration - Underway with the reduce.py and reduce_vars.py files written -> testing on develop env + get files to validate against
* Mantid docker integration - Can start again but not highest priority right now
* Python3 - On hold as it is low priority (Going to try an different approach to tackling db issue

**Ibrahim**
*

**Jack**
* 

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**

**Elliot**
* Excitation Migration will hopefully have things running on dev by the end of the week ready for Inst. Sci. validation
* Will move on to docker if spare time while waiting for Inst Sci.
* Ensure all staff are on both support email addresses (AR and ISIS ICAT/DOI)

**Ibrahim**
*

**Jack**
* 
