Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance. 

General discussion points
=========================
* Progress on production issue? 


This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* *Work carried out by Anders* 

**David:**
* *Work carried out by David*

**Elliot**
* Continued work on setup script almost ready to merge just dealing with push back changes from testing
* Returned to mantid
* Evaluating how much time I will be able to put into the project going forward
* Added `in progress` label to github for pul requests that are being worked on and not in a terstable state
* Will be out of office from Tuesday 19th-Thursday 21st June

**Jamie**
* *Work carried out by Jamie*
