Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance.

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* A/L

**Elliot**
* Mantid Requirements
* [Documentation update on wiki (new structure)](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/172)
* Resolved ISIS mount issue
* Created smoke testing issues
* Start of smoke testing for Webapp / database
  * [Re-run reduction issue](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/174)
  * [Permissions issue](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/178)
* GitHub project updates (move all to release 18.3)

**George**
* Review of couple of PRs


General discussion points
=========================

* Official autoreduction-support@stfc.ac.uk email address?
* Pycharm debugging of Django applications (Config -> {script = manage.py, parameters = run_server}) 

* Start out on smoke testing issues. If you run into any issues let me know. Try to use the new wiki documentation to guide you
* Smoke test pull requests to test:
  * [Re-run reduction issue](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/pull/176)


* Discussion of meeting next week (I am absent)
  * Room booked (R3 2.09)
  * Discussion of how smoke testing is going
  * Any urgent issues (please create them and resolve them)


Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* Smoke testing

**Elliot**
* Catch up with Anders to check next weeks commitments
  * Wednesday afternoon smoke test review meeting
* Create stable brnaches on production
* Check in 29/08/2018 re status update
* Attempt to deploy 30/08/2018
* A/L from Monday

**George**
* Smoke testing
